i'm really confused
and i'm never getting into college oh
honey
yes you are all you need to do is all
the problems
i had to start trying to be that kind of
smart
go long time ago
and i have wasted so much time
just being social like it's such a waste
and i look back at the last
i don't know three years
i have just been a loser
getting high
just drama with my friends
and i am just now starting to realize
that i am going to be like 18
in two years
and it's like i already blew it
that's how it feels
you know honey i felt exactly like that
when i was your age
and when i was 20
and this morning right and now she runs
her own company so
i'm gonna let you in on a big fat secret
that we all know about life
and that is that you don't ever figure
it out and
you're always behind and it's kind of
always unfair
frankly right so you know yeah you're on
schedule
hey so why'd you bring me to go shopping
for your clothes
come on
come on let me see um just come on let
me see
come here
listen baby your future is yours
you can be anything you want you know
those people that you see every day
that look like they have their
together and they made all the right
choices
and how impossible it seems just to get
to that place
well look look at you
you look like one of those people and
all they did was put on the clothes
and honey you can be anything you want
to be
seriously but also if you just get a job
and get by you're still gonna love your
life
because life is good even at its worst
you came here just to say that to me why
was it shitty i thought it was gonna be
good
it wasn't shitty you liked it i love you
i love you too i love you
don't worry i love you
[Music]
your ass looks good in these look
you